it's 45 year old Monty from Leeds with
his niece Anja Monty's wardrobe reflects
his love of a particular music tastes my
style hugely influenced by a gangster
rap you know our big time and soon as I
heard you know some of the tracks in the
early 90s a they just took over my world
baggy jeans the shoes t-shirts to blame
that's me what about these these are
quite nice different oh boy
back in my college days you know I went
out and saw a real nice purple tracksuit
I don't look in the mirror I've got the
shape come over to the Reds
you know I thought constantly remind
myself that 145 years old and I need to
include a dress since welcome to my
department store what brings you to me I
think I need some help
I mean I'm 45 years old but I think I'm
stuck in the nine is the bling the
t-shirts I mean I was gonna say 2pac is
looking very very blingy today and I've
gotten mentioned the gold trainers found
them and I had to get them so they were
shouting you know yeah yeah but do you
ever go forward wanting for my work from
a job to do for job I work in education
we have to I'm going to share and say
soon as I come home run upstairs
tie off shirts off t-shirts behind on
yeah that's it the standard yeah but
like Sonia said I want to go to a
function and you know I don't wanna let
anyone down a lot of smart feeldog
yeah one ish we do it let's do it we
know Darren's the perfect stylist to
make Monte more modern so let's see how
he reacts the Darren's first three
outfits and looking on from this nut or
the other stylist to see what happens
oh you do look at those 90s gangster
vibes guys yes he discovered who 2pac
was when he was 18 I was at 46 and
listen Monty I know you love your
sportswear I want to show you how you
can still do sportswear but a little bit
more grown rocker right but not to lose
the essence of you right because you're
a fun guy you love life you love to pack
and that's all kill so gonna keep it
really simple for this first outfit I'd
love you to try on these trousers as you
can see they've got that check print
there they've also got this drawstring
detail so again that's borrowing from
sportswear and then a black tee as your
base so when you pop in there and try
them on for me please I went to Sonny's
birthday party
I never wasn't dressed really smart I
walk seeing t-shirts and shorts so you
know well then I didn't feel awkward I
kind of let her down as well different
yeah Wow Wow Wow Monte already he
literally looks about freestone lights
up big big difference you love it I'm
used to teachers that have maybe one to
three sizes bigger but look at you
you're a big guy but you're owning it
now you're hiding yourself in that like
tent like t-shirts this is a t-shirt
that's actually in his size I'm not
quite it's doing for him we need to
learn how to dress for your size you're
a big guy and I understand it's
difficult when you go to the shops and
you're looking for something a little
bit more elegant a little bit more
sophisticated but still says Monte yeah
for you it's all about the fit you want
take a seat there I'm gonna give you
some trainers Darren is smartening up
the street look that Monte loves to wear
like these trainers which tie internally
with that black and white outfit love
the length on you here again we've gone
sockless you've got your little
invisible soft underneath there and
you've got your trainers I love the
trousers you guys and that quite trendy
God bet he's never won a check in his
life I actually have those dresses yeah
I have them because they're really good
for a guy who's brawled and bigger so it
makes us look smaller because the print
is quite big with the check if I can't
wear a small check oh no no no no now
we're not finished right because this is
the really simple part
what is going to add structure is a coat
like this so we're keeping the look
tonal black being the tone and we're
injecting then the little pop of white
and gray now have you said that your
chain they're easy little bit of Monty
they're there in a closet bling fad
oh no this herringbone is a classic all
these fabrics are really lightweight so
it's not about adding bulk to your frame
if you don't mean it
you're imposing now for the second look
and there's something familiar about
that shirt
it's a Joey tribute sir it's actually
near enough why I'm wearing along with
the large floral print shirt Darren's
got Monte in fitted black jeans I'm not
used to wearing black jeans
you never do you not own a pair of black
jeans do you know can we also just say
how well there's jeans for him yeah what
a difference
wearing your actual size makes we're
getting education for all these years
you know you wearing suits every single
day this is just one way of just you
know basically just want to chill out
rap music for me is everything as well
so and I just loved the fashion it
literally looks like it's lost about 40%
of his body weight yeah look at that can
silhouette yeah completely completely
changed how do you feel feel good I like
it of the black and white well that's
one of your second look I've got third
look to it this when I walk down street
or from dressed of all my hip what gear
its first word that comes in is gangster
you know I mean this any other book and
one of the softest people that you ever
me I'm a gentle Jane for the third look
davon showing Monte another smart street
outfit that he can mix and match but
this outfit I want you to try on this
classic parents and jackets first made
this is my least favorite out of the
three outfits but he's done it
definitely way too much beige and just
completely washes Monte out
unfortunately
100% of gray how does that feel on you I
love the jacket yeah I love the t-shirt
I'm moving jeans yeah and also it's
still fun yeah you still got your
jewelry you still got your bling is
there
he just like a modern monty when he
first arrived he flings up to the nines
in gangster chic what is he gonna make
us down smart new look for him you ready
for this yeah yeah I start in 3 2 1
[Music]
Oh Monday oh you know what you know it's
still Monday if that's you know what I
like it I think it's somewhat different
out there which is what you are yeah we
still got the gangster me yeah are you
there streetwise suit captures Monty's
personality to a team the electric blue
and gray print is a funk top Prince of
Wales check and he's putting out there
but the look is kept casual with a plain
black t-shirt and black trainers money
you rock it's like with a tool pack
t-shirts in your face like a a different
understatement
I never thought I'd see you in something
like this ever we still gotta keep the
gangster element it's still there it's
still that I see it can I finally take
your shopping now you're paying with
your card yard at my hair
yeah she ain't silly money
you